---
id: 1464161388905_batmanipsum_v1
title: 'Interactive Kicking Joker'
service: 'Batman Ipsum'
type: Tutorial
interactive: true
order: 61
---

### Introduction

Batman: Accomplice? I'm gonna tell them the whole thing was your idea.

Falcone: No gun? I'm insulted.

Joker: Never start with the head. The victim gets all fuzzy. He can't feel the next... See?

Ra's Al Ghul: Death does not wait for you to be ready! Death is not considerate of fair! And make no mistake, here you face death. Tiger. Jujitsu. Panther. You're skilled. But this is not a dance. And you are afraid. But not of me. Tell us Mr. Wayne, what do you fear?

Joker: You see, I'm a guy of simple taste. I enjoy dynamite and gunpowder and gasoline.

Batman: Swear to me!

Rachel: Maybe someday, when Gotham no longer needs Batman I'll see him again.

Alfred: I'm not sure you made it loud enough, sir.

Joker: Do I really look like a guy with a plan?

Alfred: The city needs Bruce Wayne, your resources, your knowledge. It doesn't need your body or your life. That time is past.

Alfred: It's not just your name, sir. It's your father's name. And it's all that's left of him. Don't destroy it.

Ra's Al Ghul: You have learn to bury your guilt with anger. I will teach you to confront it and to face the truth.

Thomas Wayne: Gotham's been good to our family, but the city's been suffering. People less fortunate than us have been enduring very hard times. So we built a new, cheap, public transportation system to unite the city. And at the center, Wayne tower.

Alfred: Just know that there are those of us who care about what you do with your future.